November 2006 mark has faced a young
determined Filipino fighter named Rex
Yakka the body an accidental fifth round
headbutt opened a huge cut over the
right eye of Marquez now with a great
sense of urgency Marquez
I don't
final round I would say unless we're
very wrong and we could be that David
deals need to knock out in this last
round
yet I've been taking these things up but
it took too long to get staff people
think we must too often in the other
rows but I think here Soto has walked
her I take what with his attitude it
pains in his tactics
I'd like to see our butts on fire for
Mom just to put things beyond doubt two
points up here if they'll make you see
him just take charge in the washer so
could it be on doubt because I feel
there's a bit of faith or more punch
there from day to day as to make too
much of it
yeah I feel sort o is the better faith
is the truth you have to go get
improvement this is better
well zip the corner of sent outsider for
this last round to say look don't rely
too much on the turkeys or what we think
better make sure of this and you've got
it by two points I've got it by two as
well but with the judges are from Texas
Oklahoma and Hawaii for this in the
better boxing the better technique has
always come from so to assist his
attitude go to sleep it pains and are
loving the eyes to look the aggressor
and a lot of their own and I do feel
he's get there for four months
and Justins just keeps as he's doing
know you'll be picking himself up the
number of total I feel much classroom
now he's standing toe-to-toe with Diaz
and kind of proving he could have done
that really probably right the way
through had he chosen to more assertive
see us now he's forced backwards like
happy the trade blows tokoto it's good
stuff here in the final session not a
classic world's lightweight title fight
not by any stretch no I like drama that
each road was pretty much the same as
the previous road that was a problem
with it you had the knockdown the Norton
in Rome but even that was a heavy knock
down and for saying is that Diaz is
beginning to blow up that very stumbling
over
embarrassing really big lunge from a
tiring David Diaz he is courageous in
game and brave but he's also pretty
one-dimensional so totes more angles oh
good shots he shook him up there and
Down Goes Diaz and that is account
Roslin's man there was a heavy barrel
and I think if there was any doubt there
isn't any more there let me just give
him the cushion he needs time for
morning anyway
tonight round in the first tonight round
in the last